chore(readme): update readme to reflect v4 updates and positioning (#2625)
browserbase/stagehand: packages/sdk-python/README.md

    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="https://stagehand.dev/discord">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/browserbase/stagehand/main/media/dark_discord.svg" />
      <img alt="Discord Community" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/browserbase/stagehand/main/media/light_discord.svg" />
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/12122" target="_blank"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/12122" alt="browserbase%2Fstagehand | Trendshift" style="width: 250px; height: 55px;" width="250" height="55"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://deepwiki.com/browserbase/stagehand">
    <img alt="Ask DeepWiki" src="https://deepwiki.com/badge.svg" />
  </a>
</p>

# Stagehand Python SDK

## What is Stagehand?

Stagehand is the SDK for browser agents. Playwright was built for testing, Stagehand is built for agents. Use familiar APIs, self-healing actions, and network-level security across TypeScript, Python, and Go.

## Why Stagehand?

> Stagehand gives browser agents an interface built for how they actually work. It combines familiar Playwright-style APIs with self-healing actions, agent-optimized page context, and deep support for iframes and shadow DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stagehand gives browser agents an interface built for how they actually work. It combines familiar Playwright-style APIs with self-healing actions, agent-optimized page context, and native support for complex DOM structures like out-of-process iframes and closed Shadow DOMs.
```
